README.md, before:

Folio
=========
###Group Members:  
Daryl Sew, Sarah Robinson, Elizabeth Ji, Peter Jasko  

What it is:  
-----------
Folio is a streamlined portfolio builder created to help job seekers present themselves effectively to prospective employers.  

Resources & Dependencies:
------------------------
*   Github API for code integration  
*   Soundcloud for music integration
*   Deviantart/flickr for art integration

Current Features
----------------
*   ![Front page design](http://i1322.photobucket.com/albums/u568/Daryl_LikeaBoshkosh/ScreenShot2013-03-25at105308PM1_zpsb15aa15b.png), courtesy of Jasko   

Features To Be Implemented
--------------------------

###Frontend  
*   Choose a custom URL for your folio (if we want to do this)  
*   View folio  
*   Ready-made templates
*   Method of customizing templates
*   Edit folio  
*   Add project  
*   Upload resume  
*   Allow users to tag projects/bits of information according to the resume they want them to appear in, as well as weight them so they appear in the desired order (i.e. #net: 1, #sysadmin: 7)  
*   Allow users to link to content from other sites  
*   Forgotten password page  
*   Many more

###Backend  
*   Server login stuff + session + remember me; see [relevant documentation](http://pythonhosted.org/Flask-Login/)
*   Forgotten password server stuff (may or may not be feasible)
*   Dealing with folio custom URLs
*   MongoDB: Storing users' folios

Deadlines
---------
3/29: Login page should be functional for multiple users concurrently accessing folio.  
4/1: 2 ready-made templates created. MongoDB code for storing folios functional.  
4/3: Users should be able to view and edit folio at a basic level.  
4/7: More ready-made templates created. Mechanisms for customizable templates in place; editing folios allows for addition of projects and uploading of resumes.  
4/14: Integration with other sites worked out. Customization smoothed out.  
4/21: Visual effects added to site and folios; more ready-made templates created, some with fancy visuals.  
4/24: Project deployed and sent out to others for beta testing. Peter and Daryl are out of the picture for the next 4 days so Sarah and Elizabeth deal with debugging.  
4/28: Folio is polished and has been tested by many; final issues are being worked out.  
5/1: Project due date  

(EDIT: please note that daryl did not consult us about any of this and therefore these deadlines are not realistic)

Individual Task Distribution
----------------------------
More tasks will be added as progress carries on.  
*   Peter and Elizabeth are to finalize the UI design, paper prototyping everything and beginning to work on the html pages. Once a solid UI design is in place, there will be many more tasks here.  
*   Sarah will write the server code for the login page, preferably implementing session and remember me ([relevant documentation](http://pythonhosted.org/Flask-Login/)) 
*   Daryl will plan out visual effect templates for use towards the end of the project, delegate and coordinate work, and perform general bugfixes/pitch in wherever he sees fit.
*   Team leader is unfilled. It is not Daryl unless a vote is performed.

Branch Workflow/Github Use
--------------------------
Not quite established yet but have a [Git Cheat Sheet](http://byte.kde.org/~zrusin/git/git-cheat-sheet-medium.png). Obviously write detailed commit messages.

Commit message:

"Failures" making stuff more realistic & feasible

README.md, after:

Folio
=========
###Group Members:  
Daryl Sew, Sarah Robinson, Elizabeth Ji, Peter Jasko  

What it is:  
-----------
Folio is a streamlined portfolio builder created to help job seekers present themselves effectively to prospective employers.  

Resources & Dependencies:
------------------------
*   Github API for code integration  
*   Soundcloud for music integration
*   Deviantart/flickr for art integration

Current Features
----------------
*   ![Front page design](http://i1322.photobucket.com/albums/u568/Daryl_LikeaBoshkosh/ScreenShot2013-03-25at105308PM1_zpsb15aa15b.png), courtesy of Jasko   

Features To Be Implemented
--------------------------

###Frontend  
*   Choose a custom URL for your folio (if we want to do this)  
*   View folio  
*   Ready-made templates
*   Edit folio  
*   Add project  
*   Upload resume  
*   Allow users to tag projects/bits of information according to the resume they want them to appear in, as well as weight them so they appear in the desired order (i.e. #net: 1, #sysadmin: 7)  
*   Allow users to link to content from other sites  
*   Forgotten password page  
*   Many more

###Backend  
*   Server login stuff + session + remember me; see [relevant documentation](http://pythonhosted.org/Flask-Login/)
*   Forgotten password server stuff (may or may not be feasible)
*   Dealing with folio custom URLs
*   MongoDB: Storing users' folios

Deadlines
---------
3/29: MongoDB code for storing folios functional.  
4/1: 2 ready-made templates created. Login page should be functional for multiple users concurrently accessing folio. 
4/3: Users should be able to view and edit folio at a basic level.  
4/7: More ready-made templates created. Editing folios allows for addition of projects and uploading of resumes.  
4/14: Integration with other sites worked out.
4/21: Visual effects added to site and folios; more ready-made templates created, some with fancy visuals.  
4/24: Project deployed and sent out to others for beta testing. Peter and Daryl are out of the picture for the next 4 days so Sarah and Elizabeth deal with debugging.  
4/28: Folio is polished and has been tested by many; final issues are being worked out.  
5/1: Project due date  

(EDIT: Please note that Daryl did not consult us about any of this and therefore these deadlines are not realistic. We are working on making them (and everything else here) more realistic. Thank you.)

Individual Task Distribution
----------------------------
More tasks will be added as progress carries on.  
*   Peter and Elizabeth are to finalize the UI design, paper prototyping everything and beginning to work on the html pages. Once a solid UI design is in place, there will be many more tasks here.  
*   Sarah will write the server code for the login page, preferably implementing session and remember me ([relevant documentation](http://pythonhosted.org/Flask-Login/)) 
*   Daryl will plan out visual effect templates for use towards the end of the project, delegate and coordinate work, and perform general bugfixes/pitch in wherever he sees fit.
*   Team leader is unfilled. It is not Daryl unless a vote is performed.

Branch Workflow/Github Use
--------------------------
Not quite established yet but have a [Git Cheat Sheet](http://byte.kde.org/~zrusin/git/git-cheat-sheet-medium.png). Obviously write detailed commit messages.
